Bitwarden: Add authentication method using an API key (#604)
raycast/script-commands: commands/password-managers/bitwarden/README.md

If you _do not_ use multifactor authentication to log in to your Bitwarden account, leave this variable set to `""`, and optionally remove the MFA Code argument (or leave it blank when logging in). Enabling multifactor authentication is encouraged.

> ### Log In with API key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Log In with API Key
```

Additionally, please add this command to the README's table of contents at the top of the file.

<img src="./images/log-in-apikey.png">

> Alternative authentication method using bitwarden's `--apikey` option, fixing possible [captcha issues](https://bitwarden.com/help/article/cli-auth-challenges/) when bitwarden thinks the authentication comes from bot traffic.
> This template command requires you to set the variables `BW_CLIENTID` and `BW_CLIENTSECRET` in the script.
> You can find these credentials in [your web vault](https://vault.bitwarden.com/#/settings/account) in the `API key` section.
> 
> This command executes in `silent` mode, and both authenticates and unlocks a Bitwarden account session.

Reviewer: This documentation is intended to be usage documentation. As written, the current description leaks implementation details meant to be abstracted away from the user, and includes direct references to the user ("you" and "your").
```suggestion
This command executes in `silent` mode, and both authenticates and unlocks a Bitwarden account session using an alternative authentication method required for some users. See the [Bitwarden CLI documentation](https://bitwarden.com/help/article/cli-auth-challenges/) for more information.

Be sure to set the values of the `BW_CLIENT_ID` and `BW_CLIENT_SECRET` variables. These credentials can be found in the account settings of [the web vault](https://vault.bitwarden.com/#/settings/account) (in the "API Key" section).
```

Author: > As written, the current description leaks implementation details meant to be abstracted away from the user

I'd like to keep the reasoning _why_ the API key implementation exists, and when it should be used.
Are you ok with my changed message?

If you _do not_ use multifactor authentication to log in to your Bitwarden account, leave this variable set to `""`, and optionally remove the MFA Code argument (or leave it blank when logging in). Enabling multifactor authentication is encouraged.

### Log In with API Key

<img src="./images/log-in-apikey.png">

This command executes in `silent` mode, and both authenticates and unlocks a Bitwarden account session using an alternative authentication method required when Bitwarden thinks the authentication comes from bot traffic. See the [Bitwarden CLI documentation](https://bitwarden.com/help/article/cli-auth-challenges/) for more information.

> Be sure to set the values of the `BW_CLIENTID` and `BW_CLIENTSECRET` variables. These credentials can be found in the account settings of [the web vault](https://vault.bitwarden.com/#/settings/account) (in the "API Key" section).

Reviewer: This copy here is great! Just as a nitpick, the line break doesn't render in the markdown, so can you please remove it?

Author: I removed the linebreak.
However I think it would be a good idea to keep the line length limited in Markdown files which would have the advantage to get easier to read diffs in Git, when the docs are updated / changed.
